Update selection-statements.md - fixed example meaning, highlighted difference between switch statement and switch expression (#44945)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/statements/selection-statements.md

:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/selection-statements/SwitchStatement.cs" id="MultipleCases":::

> Within a `switch` statement, control can fall from one switch section to the next. As the examples in this section show, typically you use the `break` statement at the end of each switch section to pass control out of a `switch` statement. You can also use the [return](jump-statements.md#the-return-statement) and [throw](exception-handling-statements.md#the-throw-statement) statements to pass control out of a `switch` statement. To pass control to other switch section, you can use the [`goto` statement](jump-statements.md#the-goto-statement).

Reviewer: This is incorrect.  See [sharplab](https://sharplab.io/#v2:EYLgxg9gTgpgtADwGwBYA+ABATARgLABQGAzAATakDCpA3oaQ+WRiqQLIAUAlgHYAupHgFcAtgEpa9RtIDOAdy58wAC1Idh4qdIZ0C2/aTABDGTFI4QWg/ow4AnBwBEEHjEdiA3FevHTpLJZ61ga2Do58chDuXkH6AL5WCQRxQA=). In C#, without a `break` statement, the compiler generates an error. If you want to fall through to the following case, you need an explicit `goto`:  [Sharplab](https://sharplab.io/#v2:EYLgxg9gTgpgtADwGwBYA+ABATARgLABQGAzAATakDCpA3oaQ+WRiqQLIAUAlgHYAupHgFcAtgEpa9RtIDOAdy58wAC1Idh4qdIZ0C2/aTABDGTFI4QWg/ow4AnBwBEEHjEdiA3FevSA5hD4IQxMzLC89HwZjU1IsSwjI6VsHRz45CHdwxO1gWCMAayyDAF8rUoJioA=)

Author: I had in mind such case
```
public static void M(int num) {
        switch (num)
        {
            case 1:
            case 2:
                Console.WriteLine("two");
                break;
        }
```

In above case, it can fall without break; and will not throw exception. 

In switch expression, it will look like:
```
public static void M(int num)
{
    string result = num switch
    {
        1 or 2 => "two",
        _ => "other"
    };

    Console.WriteLine(result);
}
```

In an expression context, you can use the [`switch` expression](../operators/switch-expression.md) to evaluate a single expression from a list of candidate expressions based on a pattern match with an expression.<br>

> [!IMPORTANT]
> Differences between **switch expression** and **switch statement**:
> - **switch expression** must return a value, a **switch statement** does not. <br>

> > - **switch expressions** don't require break statements - fallthrough is not allowed.

Reviewer: This is incorrect (see above)

Author: now I see that the statement that switch expression must return a value is really unfortunate; it is rather as follows: "case must have an explicitly set instruction."

> > - **switch expression** is typically used in contexts of value return and value assignment, often as [expression-bodied members](../../programming-guide/statements-expressions-operators/expression-bodied-members.md). <br> 

Reviewer: This is true, but I'm not sure how useful it is. Why did you want to add this?

Author: @BillWagner what do you think?

Author: I've updated this file with a more precise description, based on the existing switch statement example. There was the case that I wanted to include ( empty case section )

Within a `switch` statement, control can't fall through from one switch section to the next. As the examples in this section show, typically you use the `break` statement at the end of each switch section to pass control out of a `switch` statement. You can also use the [return](jump-statements.md#the-return-statement) and [throw](exception-handling-statements.md#the-throw-statement) statements to pass control out of a `switch` statement. To imitate the fall-through behavior and pass control to other switch section, you can use the [`goto` statement](jump-statements.md#the-goto-statement).

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Missing `break` statement will throw exception, however **empty** case sections, like `case < 0:` in example above, **are** permitted to fall through. This deliberate design choice allows for concisely handling multiple cases that share the same or interdependent logic.

Reviewer: One small nit: It's a compiler error, not an exception:

```suggestion
> Every *switch section* must end with a `break`, `goto` or `return`. Falling through from one switch section to the next generates a compiler error. However, multiple switch labels can be applied to the same switch section, like `case < 0:` in example above. This deliberate design choice allows for concisely handling multiple cases that share the same or interdependent logic.
```

In an expression context, you can use the [`switch` expression](../operators/switch-expression.md) to evaluate a single expression from a list of candidate expressions based on a pattern match with an expression.<br>

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Differences between **switch expression** and **switch statement**:
> > - **switch statement** is used to control the execution flow within a block of code.<br>
> > - **switch expression** is typically used in contexts of value return and value assignment, often as a [expression-bodied members](../../programming-guide/statements-expressions-operators/expression-bodied-members.md). <br> 
> > - a **switch expression** case section cannot be empty, a **switch statement** can.<br>
> 

Reviewer: Fix multiple lint issues:

```suggestion
> Differences between **switch expression** and **switch statement**:
>
> - **switch statement** is used to control the execution flow within a block of code.
> - **switch expression** is typically used in contexts of value return and value assignment, often as a [expression-bodied members](../../programming-guide/statements-expressions-operators/expression-bodied-members.md).
> - a **switch expression** case section cannot be empty, a **switch statement** can.
```
